Red, green, ivory, yellow and blue are colours.

Coffee, tea, milk, orange juice and water are drinks.

Old Gold, Kools, Chesterfields, Lucky Strike and Parliaments are cigarette brands.

Every Englishman, every Spaniard, every Ukrainian, every Norwegian and every Japanese is a national.

There are an Englishman, a Spaniard, an Ukrainian, a Norwegian and a Japanese.

Every dog, every fox, every horse, every zebra and every snail is an animal.

There are a dog, a fox, a horse, a zebra and a snail.

There are exactly five houses.

Every house features exactly one distinct colour.

Every house accommodates exactly one distinct national.

Every house shelters exactly one distinct animal.

Every house serves exactly one distinct drink.

Every house uses exactly one distinct cigarette brand.

If there is a house N1 and there is a house N2 and N1 is equal to N2 plus 1 then the house N1 is right of the house N2.

If there is a house N1 and there is a house N2 and N1 is equal to N2 minus 1 then the house N1 is left of the house N2.

If a house N1 is right of a house N2 then the house N1 is next to the house N2.

If a house N1 is left of a house N2 then the house N1 is next to the house N2.

Exclude that a red house does not provably accommodate an Englishman.

Exclude that a house that accommodates a Spaniard does not provably shelter a dog.

Exclude that a green house does not provably serve coffee.

Exclude that a house that accommodates an Ukrainian does not provably serve tea.

Exclude that a green house is not provably right of an ivory house.

Exclude that a house that uses Old Gold does not provably shelter a snail.

Exclude that a yellow house does not provably use Kools.

Exclude that the third house does not provably serve milk.

Exclude that the first house does not provably accommodate a Norwegian.

Exclude that a house that uses Chesterfields is not provably next to a house that shelters a fox.

Exclude that a house that uses Kools is not provably next to a house that shelters a horse.

Exclude that a house that uses Lucky Strike does not provably serve orange juice.

Exclude that a house that accommodates a Japanese does not provably use Parliaments.

Exclude that a house that accommodates a Norwegian is not provably next to a blue house.

If a house accommodates a national and shelters a zebra then the national owns the zebra.

If a house accommodates a national and serves water then the national drinks water.  

Who owns the zebra?

Who drinks water?


