
Pete holds a casual job as tutor and Lin is enrolled in a Mathematics degree. Dave is enrolled in an English degree and holds a casual job as guard. Mary who is matriculated in a Computer Science degree holds a casual job as shop assistant.

Dave, Pete, Lin and Mary are students.

Every Computer Science degree, every English degree and every Mathematics degree is a degree program.

Every casual job is a job.

Every student who is matriculated in a degree program is enrolled in that degree program.

If a student holds a job then the student is employed.

If a student is not provably employed then the student is not employed.

There are exactly two courses.

The first course is Web Technology and the second course is Information Technology.

Alice and Sue are lecturers.

Every lecturer teaches exactly one course.

For every course there is exactly one lecturer who teaches that course.

Exclude that Sue teaches Web Technology.

Sue sits in the first office and Alice sits in the second office.

If there is an office N1 and there is an office N2 and N2 is equal to N1 plus 1 then the office N2 is right of the office N1.

Students are normally afraid of math.

If a student is enrolled in a Mathematics degree then the student is not afraid of math.

If a student is not provably not enrolled in a Computer Science degree then the student is abnormally afraid of math.

If there is a degree program X1 and there is a degree program X2 and a student is enrolled in the degree program X1 and X1 is not the same as X2 then the student is not enrolled in the degree program X2.

Mike is a student.

Mike is not enrolled in the Computer Science degree.

Is Dave employed?

Which students are employed?

Which students are not employed?

How many students are employed?

How many students are not employed?

Are most students employed?

Are most students not employed?

Who is afraid of math?

Is Mike afraid of math?











































